Downloaded from
YTS.MX
A NETFLIX ORIGINAL COMEDY SPECIAL
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
Ladies and gentlemen.
let's hear it for Khalid Bounouar!
DJ Wati. man!
Awesome. awesome!
We're finally allowed to perform again.
I'm so happy to be back out here.
It's so awesome.
It's so crazy. dude!
This coronavirus is doing us in.
It was so crazy at the peak of corona.
You're stuck
with your family the whole time.
I had it real bad.
There were 48 of us in one room.
All siblings. It was really hard.
Then. all my friends called at once.
They called every day.
Everyone was bored with nothing to do.
They all started call me every day.
But not normal calls.
No. they were video calls.
All of sudden.
we had WhatsApp group video calls.
One person calls
everyone for a video call.
And don't think
they called to ask how you're doing. No!
The first thing
my fellow desert people asked me was.
"Brother. you need masks?"
They wanted to palm masks off on me.
Even the hospitals
and pharmacies were out.
But my desert friends had masks.
They all had masks and good prices.
They were real experts
and would negotiate with you.
Let's be real.
Everyone here tonight
is a mask expert now.
We know everything about them.
Which ones there are. their names.
We didn't know anything a year ago.
Now we know.
There are FFP2s. With or without filter.
There are KN95s.
There are surgical masks.
There are reusable masks.
non-reusable masks.
Cotton masks.
polyester masks. synthetic masks.
Masks you can only wash at 70 degrees.
I swear. brother. Only at 70!
No more. no less.
If they shrink in the dryer.
that's your fault.
Use them to keep your balls warm.
We know everything about masks.
We're mask pros now.
While we're on the topic.
if any of you need masks.
I'll be out front after the show.
I have good masks at half price.
Just for you.
I'm happy to get to do a set in Cologne.
It's nice.
Let's be real. I like Cologne.
but the train station is a disaster.
I was there today.
and some guy greeted me from far away.
He didn't greet me by name.
He just greeted me with his eyebrows.
You know what I mean? Like this…
That was it. I'm polite.
so I greeted him back. I was like…
So we had a conversation
with our eyebrows. He said…
And I said…
It was a real conversation.
The thing is.
I can tell by someone's expression
if they know me from TV
or if they know me personally.
His expression said.
"I know you personally."
But I don't know who it was.
I didn't know.
I thought. "Where do I know him from?"
I'd be embarrassed to ask.
Imagine I ask how he knows me.
and he sat next to me
for six years at school.
So embarrassing.
So I didn't ask.
I thought about it.
then he took a step toward me.
Our eyebrows still up here conversing.
I too take a step toward him and think.
"Fuck! How do I know him?
Maybe he's one of my cousins."
I have a huge family.
He gets closer and closer. and I think.
"How do I know him?"
Then. he reaches out his hand.
and I do the same.
Our eyebrows still up here.
We smile at each other. and I think.
"How do I know him?"
He could be one of my siblings.
I have so many siblings.
that I sometimes google their names.
We're shaking hands.
and I think. "Who is this?"
I eventually pull my hand back
and take a look to find €20.
I was like. "Huh?"
He was like. "I thought you were selling."
The thing is. I then did sell him some.
but I still don't know who he was.
While we're on the topic.
if any of you need weed.
I'll be out front after the show.
I have masks and weed at half price.
I have FFP2s with a filter.
It has a box you can put the weed in.
then inhale.
Just say no to viruses.
Oh. nice.
As for my descent.
I'm half Moroccan. half Algerian.
which means I hate myself.
Yeah.
For the people
who know something about politics.
To be honest. I don't want
to be a Turk anymore.
That was the most confusing transition
you've ever seen.
Everyone was like…
He was just Moroccan/Algerian.
now a Turk?
I know I'm not a Turk.
but I don't want to be one anymore.
The thing is.
lots of people think I'm Turkish.
Don't get me wrong.
I don't take it the wrong way
if a German German thinks I'm Turkish.
I don't see the difference
between Germans and the Dutch.
The ones who annoy me
are the Turks who think I'm a Turk.
Because ever since I was little.
Turks come up to me and ask.
"Sen Türk müsün?"
Which means. "Are you Turkish?"
Ever since the second grade.
They ask me. in Germany.
in Turkish
if I'm Turkish.
I never got it.
I eventually asked
my Turkish friends what it meant.
They'd say. "Yeah. Khalid.
They're asking if you're Turkish."
"What should I say?"
"Say. Yok. ben Marok."
Which means.
"No. I'm Moroccan."
So each time a Turk
asked if I'm Turkish. I said.
"Yok. ben Marok."
One time. I went through Cologne
and everyone asked.
-"Sen Türk müsün?"
-"Yok. ben Marok."
I accidentally walked
through a Turkish protest.
I had a Moroccan flag on.
They were confused. a bit confused.
But I have to admit
I speak a little Turkish
because I grew up with so many Turks.
As we all did in Germany.
Which means
when I enter a store where Turks work.
I talk to them in Turkish.
I greet them in Turkish.
I pull out my best Turkish.
I enter and say to the owner.
"Sa­lamu alai­kum."
You have to do this.
It's part of the Turkish language.
It's the Turkish flow.
I enter and say. "Sa­lamu alai­kum."
Some of you are thinking.
"That's the Arabic peace greeting.
Peace be with you."
Right. but what
you just saw was the Turkish version.
Because the Arab says. "Sa­lamu alai­kum."
The Turk says. "Sa­lamu alai­kum."
With a few extra U's.
The Arab is serious. "Sa­lamu alai­kum."
The Turk grins. "Sa­lamu alai­kum."
I greet him. and he greets me back.
"Alaikum salam."
I ask him in Turkish…
I ask him. "How are you doing?"
I say.
"Nasılsın?"
He responds in Turkish.
"İyiyim. sen nasılsın?"
Turkish for. "Good. How about you?"
So I answer.
"İyiyim. Allah’a şükür."
Turkish for. "Good. Thanks be to God."
Then he asks.
"Napıyon?"
Turkish for. "What are you doing?"
And that's it.
That's all the Turkish I know.
The only thing I remember is.
"Yok ben Marok."
He thought I was messing with him.
Another thing I know in Turkish is.
"Where is your girlfriend?"
Really funny. right?
"Senin kız arkadaşın nerde?"
"Where's your girlfriend?" Hilarious.
I asked a Turk that on the street.
I didn't know him.
He didn't think it was funny.
He walked by me. and I said.
"Hey. Mehmet. Murat. Ali. Hakan?"
-"Yeah?"
-"There. Hakan! I knew it."
Hakan. brother.
"Abi senin kız arkadaşın nerde?"
He was confused. He was like…
"Why are you asking about her?"
"Do you know my girlfriend?"
The thing is. I'm waiting for him to ask
where my girlfriend is.
because I have an awesome answer.
Incredibly funny.
Anyone know Turkish in the first row?
Maybe you?
I'll ask you where your girlfriend is.
then you ask me where mine is.
My answer is the best.
You'll die laughing.
If not. that's on you. You have no humor.
My answer is great. Are you ready? Okay?
What's your name?
Akif?
Akif? Okay. Wonderful name.
-Do you have a girlfriend?
-No.
Because of your name.
No. we'll contin… Okay.
Okay. are you ready?
Okay. You don't have a girlfriend.
Got it. Akif.
Akif. brother!
Senin kız arkadaşın nerde?
"Benim kız arkadaşım evde ekmek yapilir."
This means.
"My girlfriend is at home making bread."
Until a Turkish girl came to me and said.
"That's discriminatory."
Now I only say. "She's making bread."
She gets to decide where.
I'm not a Turk
who controls his girlfriend.
I'm not even Turkish.
Young man. I love your laugh.
-What's your name?
-Maurice.
-Maurice. Are you German?
-Yeah.
-Is that your girlfriend?
She has a German passport?
-Yes.
-Yes!
I'm proud of you.
That's all that counts.
I'm going to ask you where she is.
Okay?
And you answer in Turkish.
This is how you say
"My girlfriend is here."
"Benim kız arkadaş."
Or simply.
“Kız arkadaşım burada."
Okay?
Are you ready?
"Kız." K - I - Z. "Arkadaşım."
"Kız." K - I - Z.
Girl.
"Arkadaşım."
Friend. girlfriend.
Now you get it. right?
"Kız arkadaşım burada."
Like Burda publishing but roll the R.
Burda.
Are you ready? Maurice. right?
-Yes.
-Everyone be quiet.
He needs lots of energy.
I believe in you.
Maurice. brother!
Senin kız arkadaşın nerde?
Kız arkadaşım burada.
Huge applause for Maurice.
Very good.
Very good!
I'm proud of you.
That was great.
Did you see that?
My parents came to Germany
in the '60s and '70s as guest workers.
Today I'm on a stage
in Cologne teaching Turkish to a German.
That's what I call integration.
And I'm not even Turkish!
I could have taught it to you in Moroccan.
In Moroccan. we say.
Ferha Sahbtik.
Four burnouts in two words.
What I'm saying is
our parents went
through a lot and started something.
Our job is to carry it on.
I am Khalid Bounouar.
RebellComedy for life.
Ladies and gentlemen.
put your hands together for Salim Samatou!
Thank you!
Thank you so much!
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Thank you so much. guys.
Thank you. So much.
I'm almost brought to tears to be here.
Thank you. I can hardly believe it.
that I'm back in civilization.
Until two weeks ago.
I was stranded in Bangladesh.
I couldn't get out. It was a disaster.
All of my Instagram followers
know this is a big. fat lie.
But…
No. really.
I was visiting family over there.
I'm from Bangladesh.
according to Wikipedia.
I really wanted to go and…
Who's been there?
Don't go. Not ever.
Go to the Primark sales department.
No difference.
It's a one-for-one Bangladesh simulator.
Only one airline flies to Bangladesh.
The airline is really called.
"Gardidi Air." That's it.
The world's most ghetto airlines.
Even bus drivers laugh at them.
What a disaster.
"How ghetto?". you ask?
The stewardesses ask me for food.
What the hell is that?
"When do we get our meal?"
"When will you give us food?" Disaster.
The official pilot announcement was this.
"Hello!" Over. That was it. Disaster.
I was like. "Bro. you are…
Bro. you are…
You're a pilot. You have to say more."
He said.
"You want to buy T-shirt? Two for one."
That was it.
Then. he came out selling roses.
"Here. brother. Take this. brother.
Take the roses. brother."
With a picture of ghetto children.
"Here. brother. please. Take the roses."
I said. "Okay. bro. I'll take three.
Let's do this."
I'm scared of flying.
I sat like this by the window.
keeping an eye on the turbines.
There weren't any turbines.
Just three guys going like this.
That's all.
We believe we can fly
I believe I can touch the sky
"Oh. no! I can touch the sky! I did it!"
Really. I had…
But why did I even go to Bangladesh?
Good question.
I wanted to go backpacking.
Who's been backpacking?
Not a soul. Crazy. respect!
That's exactly right.
because we are so culturally diverse.
and backpacking is more of thing
that white. dirty hippies do.
Exactly. You said it. not me. Disaster.
With armpit hair all over.
no deodorant. just limes…
"Because of my carbon footprint."
They go backpacking.
You know who loves it?
One of my best friends. Really.
My wonderful Swiss colleague. Alain Frei.
Do you know him? You all do.
Great. Wonderful.
Great.
You really clapped hard. What's your name?
What?
Kellmann? The best man.
Kellmann. So awesome.
The best man. Kellmann. Do this.
You know about him.
You clapped very euphorically. Awesome.
Kellmann knows about him.
You know Alain. right?
The only thing you have to know is
he is the whitest person in the world.
Ask Kellmann. 100%.
He only has two levels of tanning.
White and skin cancer.
I swear. He uses
opaque white paint as tanning lotion.
100%. I swear.
Albinos protect him from the sun.
They say. "Take me!"
Stop it. Kellmann. Don't be an asshole.
Kellmann. dude. What are you doing?
Bro.
Stop making me do it.
Total asshole behavior
to make fun of his skin color
just because he's white.
#whitelivesmatter.
Really. people. Disaster.
When it snows for the first time.
he immediately disappears.
Kellmann's words. Really.
You turn the lights out.
and he's still there. Really.
He's a tutor for fireflies. Really.
The fireflies are like.
"How do you do that? You're a farmer."
Enough! Kellmann. stop making me do it.
Such an asshole.
Stop it. That's enough.
We were just at the zoo.
Polar bears danced with him.
They were like.
"You're one of us. brother!"
Stop it. man! Bro!
Stop it.
Such an asshole. people.
We can't keep this up. dude.
Such an asshole.
He scares ghosts. Okay. that's it!
What I'm trying to say is he's Swiss.
So he came to me and said.
"Salim. you have to come backpacking."
For those wondering what that was.
it was perfect Swiss German. I swear.
Swiss German is just normal German.
while you waterboard
Donald Duck at the same time.
That's Swiss German. I swear.
100%.
Disaster. Really.
Really.
Donald here. a towel. and then…
I… am… not… here.
Disaster.
If you don't believe me.
they call silverware "silverware."
Disaster. I swear on my life.
Really.
You know how awful it is
touring with Alain?
Sometimes he's next to me at the hotel.
I'm just watching TV.
And there's an unlisted channel.
It just flickers gray.
Like this… and he comes in.
"Mom? Dad?"
I say. "No. bro. It's…
It's the TV.
It's the TV. It's…
-Bro. it's the TV."
-"Mom!" Oh. goddammit.
He got the worst dog
a Swiss person could have.
He got a pug.
When I visit him.
I never know who's talking. Both…
Both sound the same. They're like…
I'm like.
"Bro. just let Donald go. What are doing?"
It was a disaster.
You don't think pugs talk like the Swiss?
I called Swiss Telekom
and held the pug to the phone.
They talked for 38 minutes. I swear.
100%.
Really. Disaster.
Really.
Never travel to Switzerland.
Those of you who want to travel there.
my advice is go to Austria.
It's way better.
Go to Austria. just don't go to Vienna.
For "It'll knock your socks off."
They say.
"Das haut's den Beidl auf'd Seitn."
Which means. you can google it.
"It'll knock your wiener to the side."
I swear on my life. Even women said it.
"It knocks my wiener to the side."
I swear. people.
I swear.
"It knocks your wiener to the side."
African Austrians say something else.
They say.
"It knocks your wiener around your hips."
I swear. Disaster. 100%.
The Asians say.
"It knocks my wiener back to the middle."
The middle is fine.
Respect it. Really. Disaster.
You know how tiring it is eating out.
Every time the waiter says.
"You didn't like it?"
"No. it was good."
"Your wiener is at 7:30. I see it there.
It has to be 6:45 or 7:15. otherwise…"
Money-back guarantee. Awesome.
I've noticed
how bad it is to live through
what we're living through.
Because what's happening now.
you're all sitting here like clones.
all this stuff…
No. really.
This really is history right here.
What's happening now
is history in the making.
In 2100.
they will cover this in the history books.
Then we will.
one of us will show up
as a contemporary witness.
A 100-year-old Jeremy Pascal who shows up.
"Hi. I'm a contemporary witness."
Because…
With a tramp stamp on his belly like.
"I'm a contemporary witness."
The witnesses in 2100
don't have it as good as the ones today.
When we were in school.
there was always a guy from WWII.
Every German was against Hitler.
Of course.
All of them. There's nothing to prove it.
No one took
Instagram selfies chilling with Hitler.
#chillingwiththehitman.
It doesn't exist. Really.
#hisheartwasintherightplace.
That stuff doesn't exist.
You know what I mean?
It doesn't exist.
They can just freestyle.
They all tell the same story.
"Hitler. total asshole.
I said it to his face.
I took his little mustache
and shoved it up his ass. Fuck off!
Come here. you piece of shit!
What's your problem?
What's up. Göhring? Fat fuck!
I hid his Big Mac.
Gave him a pork cutlet.
I hid Himmler's glasses."
"I'm the master race."
That was their story.
The worst will be when today's influencers
are influencers in 2100.
But old influencers
who run around at 100 saying.
"Hey. guys. You need a catheter too?
Then swipe up and reserve one.
Catheter."
"Swipe up."
"Please. guys.
You can't get it up either? Swipe up!
Use the code "floppydick" to get 20% off.
Get it now!"
So. guys. today's lesson is
don't go to Austria.
not to Zürich. just go to Japan.
Japan is the best country. Who's been?
Two people. respect.
Where in Japan?
Tokyo. That's also
what I would've said if I had never been.
He just freestyled it. The best. Awesome.
He can confirm. Really.
They've figured it out. Really.
Whereas we. during corona…
Have you seen
the people hoarding toilet paper?
"What? A deadly virus?
I have to take care of my asshole.
What about my asshole?
How will I clean my asshole?"
The Muslims were like.
"Bro. just take the watering can.
and shut your damn mouth."
There you go.
Not Japan. They've reached the end level.
No toilet paper. no watering cans.
They just have toilets
that shoot out an automatized rain dance.
You're sitting there. You hit a button.
then get a Japanese rain dance.
I swear. You get a water-gun in your ass.
That's it.
I swear.
No. really.
You look in the toilet
and see Squirtle
and Wartortle in there practicing.
Three more asses.
and we're ready for the Tour.
I told a Japanese guy.
"Bro. that's all well and good with…
It really knocks my wiener around my hips.
It's awesome.
But where's the toilet paper?"
He flipped out.
"You fucking Westerners.
you kill millions of trees
past your ass down the toilet!
You're a disgrace to humanity."
I was like. "Calm down. dolphin killer.
Why are you even talking. dude?
Bro. you just ate a whale sandwich.
Calm down. dude.
Why don't you shush yourself. dude?"
The Japanese can't
compare themselves to us.
What do they eat all day?
Fish. rice. miso soup
is all you get there.
If that's all you eat all day.
you'll shit like a sheep.
Their bowel movements take three seconds.
That's it.
One squat and it's all out.
That's how they came up with Sumo.
Like this.
That's it.
These Japanese people
don't know what it's like
to stuff your face
with a kebab at 3:00 a.m.
Chili cheese nuggets
with radioactive spicy sauce.
If you eat such radioactive shit
and you drop a Hiroshima the next day.
It might take a while to go…
You will need at least a whole tree.
A whole tree.
If not. it's a KO.
Thank you. It was a pleasure.
Ladies and gentlemen.
big applause for the Swiss comedian.
Alain Frei!
Thank you!
Thanks a lot!
So nice! Thank you!
Thank you!
Before we get started.
I'd like to say one thing.
Something very important to me.
I'm not that white.
Just to clear that up at the start.
We're so happy
that this is able to take place.
Yeah. applause for you guys. Really.
I dressed extra chic for you.
Cool. right? Thanks.
You know…
My suit gets more applause
than my jokes. That's sad.
-"How was the show?"
-"Alain was chic.
His mom will be happy."
Guys. let me be totally honest with you.
As a comedian. every show is different.
You never know what awaits you.
My most unusual show
was in the south. in Nuremberg.
The audience was having such a great time.
too great.
They hooted and hollered.
There was a lady
in the first row laughing out of control.
She lost her shit.
She was like this the whole time…
You know
when someone laughs so hard.
that you have to laugh too?
I was also like…
Then she was like…
Then I was like…
Then all of a sudden. boom!
She falls over.
And I was like…
We had to interrupt the show.
They brought in a doctor.
They picked her back up.
She was feeling better.
and I asked the doctor.
"What the hell just happened?"
He said.
"Mr. Frei. this woman had a laughing fit."
Hey. that's a real thing.
She laughed so much
that her circulatory system collapsed.
And you know the first emotion
I felt. just for a millisecond?
Pride.
It didn't last long! It was quick!
Not long!
My mother called. "How was the show?"
"I almost killed someone. I'm so funny."
You know what this laugh reminded me of?
There's this stereotype.
where you go like this…
I have a buddy.
and he really does this!
He's always like…
And I know why people do that.
They know exactly how cute it looks.
and they know you can't get mad at them.
No way.
I loaned Rashid my car and he said.
"Alain. I got in a wreck with your car."
I was like. "Rashid! Why did you do that?"
"Come here. little guy. You're so cute!"
I'm Swiss. We are stereotyped too.
I'm so tired of them.
After a show. a guy told me.
"Hey. you Swiss people.
you're all rich. right?"
And I was like.
"Yeah."
Then I bought him.
Really. he's mine now.
A little German.
He lives in my closet.
I don't ever let him out.
That's the truth. He's mine!
I bought him.
Notice that only the foreigners clapped.
They were like. "You really did that?"
I…
I very rarely get political on stage.
Rarely.
I made a few jokes
about a slightly right-wing German party.
The AfD.
And not because we simply disagree.
Hey. it's democracy.
You have to deal with it.
You know why I can't stand them?
Because I'm too old for bullshit.
I no longer tolerate bullshit.
Things that don't make sense to me.
The AfD and PEGIDA
had a large protest together
against the Islamization of the West.
They were running around with signs.
There was a guy in front
with a huge sign saying.
these are his words. not mine.
it said.
"We don't want foreign rapists!"
No one wants that!
I don't want that either!
I've never been to a party and said.
"Hey. is the rapist here yet?"
Then the doorbell rings.
"Hello! It's me. the rapist!"
"Wait a second. What kind of rapist?"
-"A German one."
-"Come on in."
I'm too old for bullshit.
I saw there were counterprotests
to the Black Lives Matter protests.
People who said.
"I don't think it's okay
for them to want the same rights as us."
They interviewed a woman in the US.
and she said
she didn't have
anything against Black people.
she just didn't think that Black
and white people belonged together.
Listen. an adult woman
in the 21st century said.
that she doesn't believe that
Black and white go together.
Let me tell you one thing.
There's only one place in world
where Black and white don't go together.
and that's the washing machine.
It's the only place.
The only one.
Everywhere else is fine.
The one and only.
I have an older brother.
And here's a fact
for everyone with siblings.
It's been proved scientifically.
Between all siblings. there's always
a good-looking one
and a funny one.
That's a fact.
And all of you thinking.
"No! That's not the case for us."
You're the funny ones.
Only the good-looking ones laughed.
"Come on. laugh. Quasimodo.
He's talking about you. Laugh!"
If you're wondering about my situation.
you can guess.
I'm the funny one.
My brother looks good.
He has the face of a model.
I hate him.
He's always been the adult.
He was born an adult.
He came out in a suit with a monocle.
"Where's my bank account?"
He was always grown-up.
As a child. you could send
him to do anything. like shopping.
As a four-year old.
My mother was like.
"Michael. could you go to the store?"
"As you wish. mother."
That's how this dumbass talked.
You couldn't send me at all.
"Buy milk." I get back…
-"The milk?"
-"I drank it."
-"And the change?"
-"I ate it."
I was such a dumb kid.
Everyone made fun of me. Everyone.
I had a neighbor with Down Syndrome.
Even he was like. "Wow. you're dumb!"
You know why I think this joke's okay?
I've worked with people
who have Down Syndrome.
and they're such awesome people
with such big hearts.
They love to laugh.
My neighbor laughs at this joke the most.
That's great if you can take a joke.
I told this joke on stage once.
and a guy in the audience was like…
I said. "Look how cool this is!"
I tell this joke.
and the guy laughing the most
has Down Syndrome.
He looks at me and says. "No. I don't."
It was tough.
People.
My brother…
I was dumb. but he was too.
He was only smart compared to me.
We were brothers…
We would always try
to one-up each other.
With dumb stuff.
Stuff that makes no sense. like.
"I can ride my bike longer than you."
"No. I can ride longer than you."
Then we rode around
in circles for eight hours.
Like two complete idiots.
When people visited my mother.
"Hey. how are the kids?"
"They're dumb."
"Take a look out the window.
They've been at it for eight hours.
The ugly one on the left. he's dumber."
Yeah.
I was a dumb kid.
I always liked…
I liked animals
and watching animal documentaries.
You learn things you'll never use again.
I saw something
I think is perfect for right now.
And this is actually true.
There's a type of starfish.
and 20% of these starfish
are born without an anus.
They don't have an asshole.
but they can survive.
They poop on the inside.
They do it their entire lives.
It just builds up.
Not a problem for them.
They shit more and more. It builds up.
It keeps going up
until it's at the very top.
and all they have in their head is shit.
I swear I know people
who this also happens to.
The exact same thing.
Really! Their head is full of shit.
I'll end with this.
I noticed something very strange.
I noticed there are sentences in Germany.
You say them in movies.
but not in everyday life.
I was watching a police movie
and the guy said.
"Sir. with all due respect…"
You don't say that in everyday life.
I tried it out.
I was paying at Mickey D's.
She said. "Ketchup or mayonnaise?"
I said. "With all due respect. both."
This sentence is like a trick.
It's so polite.
you can do what you want afterwards.
Like the guy in the film.
"Sir. with all due respect.
you have no idea."
Even the other one said.
"You might be right."
Try it out.
Next week.
show up to work five hours late.
Come in calm. as though it's nothing.
"Hey. what's up?"
When the boss asks you.
"What the hell is this?
Why are you so late?"
"Sir.
With all due respect…
here you go!"
And if gets mad. "How dare you!"
Just do this…
Thank you everyone for coming out!
Enjoy the show! Thank you so much!
Thank you!
Ladies and gentlemen.
Let's welcome Hany Siam!
Holy shit!
Stop it!
Dude!
What amazing energy! Awesome! Killer!
I'm unbelievably happy to be here.
Ladies and gentlemen.
I'm no fan
of over-the-top political correctness.
I think a lot of people
have become too sensitive.
But instead of making a fuss.
I started using it to my advantage.
At some point.
I started playing the race card.
But completely out of context.
I was at the movies.
There was a huge line to get popcorn.
I just cut in line.
and woman behind me was like.
"Go to the back."
"Did you just call me nigga?"
She said. "No. never! I like Obama!"
She eventually gave up. and I was like.
"Cool! I'll try it again."
After the movie. I went to food stand.
Another long line.
and I cut it once again.
Some guy back there was like.
"Dude. go to the back."
I thought. "This is my chance."
"You just call me nig--?"
I was like. "Fuck!
He's darker than me!"
He turned the tables on me.
"Did you just call me nigga?"
I said. "No. never! I like Obama!"
I ran away! I ran away!
After that.
I never played the race card again.
With one exception.
Let's talk about my background first.
I actually don't talk
or think about it much.
because I don't define myself by it.
But I understand
why many think about their background
and why it's important to them.
I recently went for a walk in town.
and real Black African walked by.
He was walking…
he looked at me…
nodded. and went on.
I thought. "Who the hell was that?
He must have gotten me confused."
A few minutes later.
another Black African walked by.
He was walking…
he looked at me…
and went on.
Then. it clicked.
It's something like. "Yo. brother!
We endured the same hardships.
Slavery and whatnot."
Then I had such a bad conscience.
because my parents are from Egypt.
Ever heard about the pyramids?
Dude. we invented slavery!
Hey. that's…
Dude. that's like going up
to Jack the Ripper and saying.
"Let's stick together.
There's a killer on the loose."
But a few years ago.
proof actually came out
that the pyramid builders weren't slaves.
they were workers receiving fair wages.
As soon as I heard about this.
I thought. "Fake."
I know how Egyptians work.
Some Mahmud made up some proof.
to improve Egypt's reputation.
"I swear to God.
I just found this papyrus.
The hieroglyphs say we paid everyone."
"Hold on!
This was written with a marker!"
"Why are Germans such squares?
We Egyptians invented markers!"
And Black people still nod to me.
and greet me and all this stuff.
"We endured the same hardships."
I'm like. "No. dude! You endured a lot.
You're on team 'Let my people go!'
I'm on team…
'You're going nowhere!
You're going nowhere.'
No. no!"
To avoid this uncomfortable situation
of Black people giving me a nod
and me feeling bad.
I now walk like this every time
a Black person looks at me.
It works! It works!
I know a lot of you are thinking.
"The guy that's up. he's a bit strange."
And you're right.
Absolutely.
Do you know
what the main reason is why I vote?
Like politics?
I have this thing
that makes me want to check off boxes.
Doesn't matter which box. Check.
"Hey. Hany. Who did you vote for? SPD?"
"Among others."
I've had this thing
ever since I was in school.
Really. Remember these love letters
with "Yes." "No." "Maybe"?
When I got it. I checked them all off.
The girls actually liked it.
They were like.
"Oh. my God. Hany is so mysterious."
"No. I'm just the guy
from the show. Monk."
I still don't get
why women are so into mysterious men.
I don't get it.
Ladies. mystery is never a good thing.
Or have you ever met a man who said.
"I have a secret to confess.
I'm a millionaire.
What? You're okay with that?
I finally found someone
interested in my credit card."
Never happened!
My secret is my box-checking obsession.
This tick will be my downfall.
Do you have any idea
how expensive my insurance is?
This form destroyed me!
"Please mark
your preexisting conditions."
Fuck!
-"Do you have hemorrhoids?"
-"I do now."
But guys…
Guys. speaking of voting.
I think voting is extremely important.
solely to cancel out the vote of a Nazi.
Because a lot of idiots get to vote.
For example. on the internet.
I recently saw a gay Nazi.
A gay Nazi!
He seriously said.
"Oh. my gosh!
These Muslims…
are taking all the good men!"
Okay. timeout!
I think this danger is quite manageable.
Never in my life
have I heard a Muslim say.
"Brother. after Ramadan.
I'm going to taste some spicy sausage!"
Never seen it!
Never seen it. but who knows?
Maybe it exists.
Anything is possible.
I mean. standing before you
is a dark-skinned person born in Germany.
an Arab who supports gay marriage
and the son of Muslims
who take Hebrew at school.
Anything is possible.
Anything.
Yes!
And I'm a nice guy.
Why did you laugh?
I really am a nice guy.
and I never want
anyone to feel bad because of me.
For example. a while ago.
I flirted with a woman.
which happens once every five years.
And she wasn't.
how should I put it. like. "Damn!"
More like. "Damn."
And the way she started talking to me.
like. "Oh! Hey. cutie!
Give me your number."
I had trouble saying.
"Sorry. but I don't date cyclopes."
So I had to improvise. I was like.
"Oh. pardon! Je ne peux parler allemand!"
"Oh! Mais je peux parler français!"
"Oh! Mi scusi! Non parlo tedesco!"
"Oh! Ma io parlo italiano!"
Shit!
"Ben almanca konuşamıyorum."
"Ben türkçe konuşuyorum!"
I was like. "Dude!"
Guys!
I couldn't get out of it!
I was with her for two years.
Gu…
Guys!
She thought…
She thought I was a dark Turk.
Is that even a thing?
Never seen one!
Never seen it!
But I eventually
managed to break up with her.
I managed it eventually.
I just had to wait for the right moment.
"Hany!
I told you to leave me some chocolate!"
"Did you just call me nigga?"
And I bounced.
My name is Hany Siam!
You were unbelievable!
You were amazing!
Thank you!
Thank you! I love you!
Ladies and gentlemen.
go wild
for the co-founder of RebellComedy!
Here is Ususmango!
What's up?
Very nice!
Very cool. What's up?
How are you doing. Cologne?
Great. I'm so happy to be here.
Really. I missed you.
I don't know any of you. but I…
I really missed you.
in my imagination. kind of.
I don't know… I'm happy to be here.
I have three kids at home.
I now have three kids.
I'm extremely happy to be here. so…
Really so much…
A break. I get a break.
Exactly. man.
Most of you know two of my kids
from the RebellComedy stories.
Now I have three. I don't know how.
You might be able to figure it out.
I have three kids.
My oldest daughter is 11 years old.
My son is nine.
My youngest daughter is five.
I always remind myself
that the others are already so big.
but I feel like five is a cool age.
Really a cool age.
because. as a father or mother.
you put them to bed each night.
She can't fall asleep without you.
She and I have always had a ritual.
You know?
I put her to bed. then tell her stories.
Maybe I'll sing.
or sometimes we have a competition.
A simple battle. back and forth.
You may know this. It goes like this.
"Dad. I love you as much as…"
She'll say something.
and I have to one-up her.
And she always thinks.
because she has no idea about life…
She thinks she can one-up me.
She thinks she's better than me.
You have no idea. You're the third kid.
You're the third kid.
My gun is fully loaded.
You know…
some people are veterans.
I'm a fatheran.
I can do anything. You can't win.
Forget it.
That's how I act.
Recently. I did it again.
I put her to bed.
but was under time pressure.
You know when you're impatient
and you feel you have no time?
She felt it. Kids feel it right away.
She noticed.
"He has an appointment. another show.
Let's keep him here longer.
Let's keep him here."
Then she was like.
-"Dad. can we play the game?"
-"Yeah. okay."
She started like this.
"Dad. I love you as much as
there are stars in the sky."
You know how many times I've heard that?
"Stars in the sky"?
I've heard it more
than a woman at a bar.
You know? At this moment.
I was like. "Something new. please."
You know… on the inside. I was.
I told her. "Oh. that's so much."
On the inside. I was like.
"That was lame!"
Garbage. Garbage line.
The worst I've ever heard.
I was a little disappointed. but I…
I was like. "That's so much.
But I love you as much as
there are stars in the whole galaxy."
She was like.
"That has to be a ton. right?"
I was like. "Yeah." And she went on.
"Dad. I love you as much as
there are grains of sand in a sandbox."
I was like.
"Of all things. you pick a sandbox?
The smallest?
Dude. just pick… Okay. whatever!"
"Okay. that's so much.
I love you as much as
there are grains of sand on the beach."
She's like. "Wow. that's so much. right?"
I was like. "Yeah. that's so much!"
Then she said. "I have one more."
Dad. I love you as much as
there are grains of sand
on the beach and the ocean floor.
there's sand there too.
and in the desert in Saudi Arabia."
I was like. "Whoa. that's not bad."
But I didn't have any more time.
I had no more time.
I was like.
"Respect and whatnot. but I have to go."
Respect. but I'll give her one last one
so she can finally sleep.
Not a death blow. but a…
but a sleeping blow. I'll give her a…
I'll give her a sleeping blow.
I was like.
"Hey. honey. I love you as much as…
I love you as much as
there are racists
in Germany again all of a sudden.
And she was like.
"Really? That much. Dad?
Yeah. me too. Dad."
Right to sleep.
I'm happy. I'm happy.
That's crazy.
I always associate the zoo with kids.
The last time I was at the zoo.
I went with my kids.
But the youngest wasn't born yet.
I only had two kids.
That's crazy.
The three of us went to the Cologne Zoo.
I don't know if you know.
but when you pay for three entrances fees
to the Cologne Zoo.
you're already in the red.
Everything is expensive inside too.
French fries for 5.000 euros.
Stuffed animal costs a million.
It's crazy expensive.
As we walk around. I turn
their heads away from all that stuff.
-"Don't look."
-"Why?"
"It's haram. Just look…
Just don't look there.
Look at the animals."
I'm like. "Look at the animals."
They look at the animals.
Meanwhile. I'm looking at the map.
I'm figuring out where we can go.
Not for the animals.
Instead…
You know the balloon guy at the zoo?
You know him?
There's a guy with a bazillion balloons.
all helium balloons.
and I hate this guy.
I hate him with all my heart.
Because one balloon costs six euros.
It's so much.
and once kids of certain age see him.
they want one.
and I can't tell them no.
I know I can't say no.
and it'll be another six euros.
It's the sort of thing
that if you let go.
it floats into outer space.
and now your six euros are in space.
And then I'm like. "Okay."
and my plan is working.
we didn't see him.
And right at the end. there he stands.
Like a final boss.
He's standing there grinning at me.
It's a Stephen King movie.
With all the balloons. grinning
and looking nice. and I'm like.
"I hate him. This bastard."
My kids see him right away.
-"Dad. balloons."
-"No."
-"Dad. please! One. please!
-"Yeah. okay."
I hate him.
We go up to him. and I ask my son.
-"Which one?"
-"Bob the Builder."
"All right. one Bob the Builder."
So I take the cord
and tie a knot around his wrist.
so the six euros don't go into space.
So I tie a huge knot on his hand.
His hand's like…
Then I asked my daughter.
"And what do you want?"
-"Barbie!"
-"One Barbie. please."
I take it. and go to tie a knot.
You have to understand
she is two years older.
and she wants to feel it.
She says. "I'm a big girl.
No need for a knot. I've got it."
-"No. I'm tying a knot."
-"No. I've got it. I swear."
"Okay. but hold it tight."
As soon as they have the balloons.
I become a general.
I'm constantly checking.
"Where are they?"
They say. "Here on my wrist."
-"Hold it tight!"
-"Yes. Dad. I am."
I have just one mission.
The guy says. "12 euros."
I'm like. "Choke on it."
I have to get them
from the exit to the car
without anyone letting
six euros go into space.
That's my mission.
All I want is to get to the car.
We get to the car. Door open.
kid in. balloon in. door closed.
Now the other one. Door open.
Then I'm relaxed.
It's the only moment I'm relaxed.
I go to my door. get in. and we drive off.
The whole way home. I'm thinking
about what a strange outing it was.
how much money I lost.
I'm adding it up. "A million to get in.
then balloons for 12 euros.
The lion wasn't even there.
Ain't that some shit?
We eventually arrive.
I'm a general again.
"Where are they?"
-"Here."
-"Hold on."
"Yes. Dad. I'm holding it."
My son is like…
He's proud. He has a knot.
I say. "Okay. good."
I go inside. My son goes in.
The balloon goes in.
My daughter comes super slow.
"I'm holding it tight!"
Then. all of a sudden. she lets go.
One meter in front of the door.
"Dad. my balloon!
Dad. I'm sorry!
My balloon!"
My son is like…
I'm like. "Okay. good."
He's still happy.
but she won't stop crying.
He can't take it.
His heart is so big.
He can't take it
when his sister is crying.
At some point. he was like.
"Then take mine!"
I was like.
"Crazy! What a heart on this kid!
What a great guy.
I want to be like him. Let's trade.
Really. Awesome guy."
And she's like.
"No. that one's ugly."
I'm like. "What kind person are you?"
I can't get mad at her.
She's crying. It's hard for me too.
I can't calm her down.
My son can't calm her down.
Eventually. my son can't take it anymore.
He goes.
"Then I don't want mine anymore either!"
And just throws it up into space.
I'm standing there saying.
"12 euros into space!
Are you two kidding me. dude?"
No. for real. For real.
This really happened. True story.
When you see your son do that.
he did that.
as a father. you're touched.
All of a sudden. I teared up myself.
I start crying too.
My son slowly realizes
he'll never see Bob the Builder again.
He starts to cry.
Three people are crying after one outing.
Everyone's crying.
I was like. "Was it a nice outing?"
"Yes. Dad."
-"Should we go back to the zoo?"
-"Yes. Dad."
We never went back.
Never. I'm never going back.
That's me.
I don't know about you.
but I've thought about it.
Never again.
Hey. Cologne.
Thank you. My name is Ususmango.
RebellComedy! Peace!
Ladies and gentlemen.
put your hands together
for the RebellComedy legend.
Benaissa Lamroubal!
Thank you!
Thanks. Awesome!
This is so good. It's so good. For real.
In these times. you're just happy
to perform in front of people. You know?
My last show was in front of cars.
My takeaway was. don't talk to cars.
Unless your name is Michael Knight.
Otherwise. forget it.
You shouldn't talk to cars.
It was a drive-up cinema event.
I think it was really cool for them.
They wanted to see a film.
but they saw
The Confused Comedian. in theaters now.
It was a disaster for me. I was confused.
You can't talk to cars.
They want to talk. of course.
but I didn't understand
what they wanted from me.
You know how they clapped?
Right. they honked!
They honked.
And I told jokes on stage.
They had to laugh.
You know how they laughed?
Exactly. they honked for that too.
There were parts of my set
they didn't like. They wanted to boo.
You know how?
Right. they honked.
Ten minutes later.
I didn't know if they liked it or not.
It's definitely crazy.
Communicating through horns.
Laughter just
can't be replaced by a honk.
Laughter is
one of the most beautiful sounds.
So beautiful.
Yeah.
Versus…
It's a warning signal.
I get scared when I hear it.
It's not a good reaction to a joke.
It doesn't work.
"Hey! You ever heard this one?
What does the Pole do on the ice?
He breaks in!"
That doesn't work.
I have to say
it depends on the joke a bit.
For the joke to work.
there have to be Poles in the audience.
But with Poles there.
there won't be any honking.
To be exact. there won't be any cars.
Cheap stereotype. You like that?
You love that.
Me too. it's okay.
We love these stereotypes.
But they're not true.
I know thousands of Poles. None steal.
But we want to hear. "The Pole steals."
We want to hear.
"The Arab has a big beard and four wives."
"The Albanian works on construction site."
We want to hear that.
It may not be true. but we want it.
We're people. We want categories.
"Make it easy for us."
That's what we want.
That's why we go to the zoo.
We want to see the animals
at the zoo as we like them.
We want to see the lion.
Why? The lion is the king.
Because he has a mane
that looks like a crown.
He's the king of the jungle.
Dude. he lives in the savanna.
not the jungle.
What does he do?
He sits on his ass all day
with a mane. a huge beard and four wives.
He's more Arab than the Arab.
The lion is not the king.
In the jungle. the gorilla is the king.
Look at the gorilla. dude!
Such a monster!
Muscles all over!
This is the king.
He's King Kong. That's the king.
The gorilla wipes his ass with lion.
Fucking hell.
"Bring your mane over here. boy!"
Crazy. The gorilla. dude…
A silverback gorilla… Look at that thing.
Such a monster. Muscles all over.
Everyone is scared of him.
Have you seen King Kong?
Everyone's scared
the gorilla will eat them.
Another stereotype.
Do gorillas go around eating people?
They're nice guys.
They're vegans.
We don't want to see it!
We want stereotypes.
We want to see the monkeys in the zoo.
But monkeys in the zoo
have nothing to do
with real monkeys in the jungle.
These ones live at the zoo.
They have a heating system.
They get food. medicine.
They live off welfare.
They have nothing…
They have nothing to do with real monkeys.
It's all in our head.
but we want to see the monkeys in the zoo.
What do we want to see?
Them eating a banana.
Yeah.
Do you know how few monkeys
have ever eaten a banana?
Monkeys are almost like East Germans.
Bananas are so scarce.
they don't know about them.
We really think
the monkey wants to eat the banana.
We also get this wrong.
we think monkeys eat bananas like this.
Never!
When he gets a banana.
he bites it like this.
It's all in our minds. Really.
It's exactly the same for people.
We represent something
from our home country
or our parents' country.
but we're different.
I'm not a Moroccan.
I am a zoo Moroccan.
I'm representing something I barely know.
I talk about Morocco
and Moroccans so much.
There are Germans
who know more about Morocco than I do.
If a real Moroccan saw my set. he'd say.
"I've never seen
anything like that in my life."
Okay. he'd say.
"I've never seen anything
like that in my life!"
Oh. Lord!
We need these stereotypes.
So I'd rather pull them out.
Here's one for you.
I was in an Italian restaurant
with one of my best friends.
He's German.
The German and I go
to an Italian restaurant.
and after five minutes.
I notice the server is Moroccan.
because of his French accent.
So I thought--
His German wasn't very good.
But I thought.
"This would be easier in Moroccan.
but it would ruin everything."
Because if I start talking
to him in Moroccan.
my German friend will feel excluded.
we'd have our Moroccan thing going.
the other guests would realize
that they aren't actually Italian.
Suddenly. the macaroni become Moroccani.
I didn't want that to happen.
so I stuck to German.
The problem was. I ordered salad.
I found little pieces
of plastic wrap in the iceberg lettuce.
Some packaging
was probably left in the iceberg lettuce.
I was like.
"Hey. look. There's plastic wrap in here.
Can you take it away?"
He just picks it out and goes to leave.
I was like. "Yep. he's Moroccan."
I was like.
"Brother. please take it with you.
There's plastic in there.
I can't eat that. I could get sick."
And I think he wanted to say.
"No. you won't get sick."
But what came out of his mouth was.
"No. you suck my dick."
I said. "Brother.
you probably meant.
'It won't make you sick'."
He said. "No. you heard right.
Suck my dick and go fuck yourself!"
No way.
As I was saying. I'm a zoo Moroccan.
I was on a soccer team.
If you've been on an actual team.
you know you're a zoo Moroccan.
Real Moroccans in Morocco
play barefoot in the street.
Great players.
I have two cousins who are great.
They played barefoot in the street.
They would each have been
on the German national team.
In Germany. I was
a second-string player on BV Weckhoven.
I was the worst player ever.
I wasn't allowed to play
soccer with my cousins.
My father said. "No. you're too soft.
They play barefoot.
You need cleats. socks. and shin guards.
You need all that.
Don't play with them. Play by yourself."
I played soccer in Germany.
I was too organized for Moroccans
and too unorganized for Germans.
So. German soccer clubs.
I know a lot of you have been in one.
every Saturday or Sunday. you have a game.
After the game.
someone new brings the jerseys home.
washes them.
and brings them to the next game.
When it was my turn. disaster.
We had a huge bag.
and we put all the jerseys in there.
I took the bag home.
I took my time.
The next game was in seven days.
I leave the bag in the corner.
Two days before the game. I think.
"I have to wash the jerseys."
I looked for the bag.
It's gone. "Where is it?"
On top of the cabinet.
My father had packed it
to send it to Morocco.
I'm like. "Where's my stuff?"
Now I have to find it all.
I see my brother in the street.
He has a goalie jersey on.
His best friend is wearing
number ten from BV Weckhoven.
I'm like. "Shit! What is this?"
Today is game day.
I scrape it all together and wash it.
We have a mountain of laundry.
Five kids. endless laundry.
I have to get them clean.
I try to get them clean.
Put them in the bag. go to the club.
They're waiting for me.
Game's about to start.
I toss the bag in the middle. Open it.
Nothing's folded. Everything thrown in.
The goalie jersey is still missing.
My dad's sports coat is there instead.
It was…
I swear.
It was the worst game ever.
The worst ever!
We won the game.
but do you know how it looked?
Our goalie was like this
with my dad's sports coat.
Ey!
Number ten was wearing a djellaba.
We won ten to zero
because they were scared of our goalie.
They thought it was an adult.
They were scared.
Hey. my name is Benaissa Lamroubal.
Ladies and gentlemen.
let's hear it for the RebellComedy
co-founder. Babak Ghassim!
What's up?
Welcome to the zoo
I know the enclosure
I know what you see
Sinti and Roma beg
Refugees bum money
Poles steal in the zoo
Chinese counterfeit
Arabs haggle
Blacks loud in the zoo
Wild in the Zoo
Gray in the zoo
Germans extremely precise in the zoo
Albanians stab
Turks. however. speak good German
Greeks lazy in the zoo
Rough the zoo
Headscarf. no problem
As long as
It's on the cleaning lady in the zoo
I know the zoo
Know magic in the zoo
Guiding culture. an individual case
Plural becomes singular in the zoo
Representative of your kind
Singular becomes plural in the zoo
Signs all over the zoo
Telling you who you are
Huge expectations
Short silence
If you break it
The burden to have to break it
To be observed
To observe yourself
To become your own zookeeper in the zoo
The trained desert person show
I know what you see in the zoo
I am
What you don't see
The ground you walk on in the zoo
I am earth. mud. stone
The dream people of the dead here
Guest worker
Outsider
Victim in me
Solingen. Halle. Hanau
Hülya. Jana. Hamza
Combined with Goethe. Bach. Adenauer here
All integrated
Truly integrated
Integrated without discussion
All integrated equally
Integrated by bacteria and fungi
Integrated in me and
Integrated me
My roots. their ancestors
My furrows. their scars
My voice. their languages
The language of the many
The voice of the streets
Being me means being them
70 years is too late to abort
The seed shoots
Look. they bloom in all colors
They play or fight
Or love each other
But everything that comes from me
Is diverse
I am German earth
And I lay beneath you
Your steps are muffled
Far away
As if from a different time
Don't forget
When you walk over me
With each step
You place a foot on my ground
And it holds firm
DJ Wati. ladies and gentlemen.
That's it. Thanks for coming out.
RebellComedy. Peace.